Student Management
Description:
Student Management is a web application built with Python Django framework that allows admin users to manage staff,
 students, and courses. Staff can view their students' information, while students can view their course details 
 and profiles.

Requirements
Python 3.6 or higher
Django 3.0 or higher

Steps:
install virtualenviornment for comfort
create django project
create Django App
Start with development
Installation:

Install the dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt
install virtualenviornment:pip install virtualenv
create virtualenv: 'virtualenv(name _of env)
activate virtualenviornmebt;'venv\Scripts\activate
create django project:'django-admin-startproject project_name
create Django App: python manage.py startapp app_name 
Run the database migrations: python manage.py migrate
Create a superuser: python manage.py createsuperuser
Start the server: python manage.py runserver

Usage
Log in to the admin dashboard using your superuser account.
Use the navigation menu to manage staff, students, and courses.
Staff can view their students' information by searching for their names or course names.
Students can view their course details and profiles by logging in with their student account.

API Endpoints
/api/students/ - GET, POST, PUT, DELETE
/api/staff/ - GET, POST, PUT, DELETE
/api/courses/ - GET, POST, PUT, DELETE
Database Schema
The database schema consists of three tables: students, staff, and courses. Each table has its own set of fields, including primary keys and foreign keys for relationships between tables.

Deployment
To deploy the project to a production server, you will need to:

Install the required dependencies and configure the server environment.
Set up a web server 
Configure the Django settings file to use production settings.
Run the database migrations and collect static files.
Start the server and configure it to run in the background.
Make your changes and test them locally.
Write tests to ensure that your changes work as expected.

Libraries:

Django
Django REST framework
Bootstrap
jQuery
